{\rtf \li0 \fi0 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 Allwein, E.L., Schapire, R.E., and Singer, Y. (2000). Reducing Multiclass to Binary: A Unifying Approach for Margin Classifiers. Journal of Machine Learning Research {\i{}1}, 113\uc0\u8211{}141.\
Bowyer, A., Maidel, V., Lintott, C., Swanson, A., and Miller, G. (2015). This Image Intentionally Left Blank: Mundane Images Increase Citizen Science Participation. In Human Computation and Crowdsourcing: Works in Progress and Demonstrations. An Adjunct to the Proceedings of the Third AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing., p.\
Cox, J., Oh, E.Y., Simmons, B., Lintott, C., Masters, K., Greenhill, A., Graham, G., and Holmes, K. (2015). Defining and Measuring Success in Online Citizen Science: A Case Study of Zooniverse Projects. Computing in Science & Engineering {\i{}17}, 28\uc0\u8211{}41.\
Eveleigh, A., Jennett, C., Blandford, A., Brohan, P., and Cox, A.L. (2014). Designing for Dabblers and Deterring Drop-outs in Citizen Science. In Proceedings of the 32Nd Annual ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, (New York, NY, USA: ACM), pp. 2985\uc0\u8211{}2994.\
Fortson, L., Masters, K., Nichol, R., Borne, K.D., Edmondson, E.M., Lintott, C., Raddick, J., Schawinski, K., Wallin, J., Fortson, L., et al. (2012). Galaxy Zoo: Morphological Classification and Citizen Science, Galaxy Zoo: Morphological Classification and Citizen Science. In Advances in Machine Learning and Data Mining for Astronomy, Advances in Machine Learning and Data Mining for Astronomy, M.J. Way, J.D. Scargle, K.M. Ali, and A.N. Srivastava, eds. (CRC Press), p. 213.\
Katona, S.K., and Whitehead, H.P. (1981). Identifying Humpback Whales using their natural markings. Polar Record {\i{}20}, 439.\
Kosmala, M., Wiggins, A., Swanson, A., and Simmons, B. (2016). Assessing data quality in citizen science - preprint.\
Lintott, C.J., Schawinski, K., Slosar, A., Land, K., Bamford, S., Thomas, D., Raddick, M.J., Nichol, R.C., Szalay, A., Andreescu, D., et al. (2008). Galaxy Zoo: morphologies derived from visual inspection of galaxies from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society {\i{}389}, 1179\uc0\u8211{}1189.\
Marshall, P.J., Verma, A., More, A., Davis, C.P., More, S., Kapadia, A., Parrish, M., Snyder, C., Wilcox, J., Baeten, E., et al. (2016). Space Warps \uc0\u8211{} I. Crowdsourcing the discovery of gravitational lenses. Mon Not R Astron Soc {\i{}455}, 1171\uc0\u8211{}1190.\
Masters, K., Oh, E.Y., Cox, J., Simmons, B., Lintott, C., Graham, G., Greenhill, A., and Holmes, K. (2016). Science Learning via Participation in Online Citizen Science. ArXiv:1601.05973 [Astro-Ph, Physics:Physics].\
Norouzzadeh, M.S., Nguyen, A., Kosmala, M., Swanson, A., Packer, C., and Clune, J. (2017). Automatically identifying wild animals in camera trap images with deep learning. ArXiv:1703.05830 [Cs].\
Simpson, E., Roberts, S., Psorakis, I., Smith, A., Simpson, E., Roberts, S., Psorakis, I., and Smith, A. (2012). Dynamic Bayesian Combination of Multiple Imperfect Classifiers, Dynamic Bayesian Combination of Multiple Imperfect Classifiers. ArXiv E-Prints, ArXiv e-Prints arXiv:1206.1831, arXiv:1206.1831.\
Simpson, R., Page, K.R., and De Roure, D. (2014). Zooniverse: observing the world\uc0\u8217{}s largest citizen science platform. (ACM Press), pp. 1049\uc0\u8211{}1054.\
Swanson, A., Kosmala, M., Lintott, C., Simpson, R., Smith, A., and Packer, C. (2015). Snapshot Serengeti, high-frequency annotated camera trap images of 40 mammalian species in an African savanna. Scientific Data {\i{}2}, 150026.\
Swanson, A., Kosmala, M., Lintott, C., and Packer, C. (2016). A generalized approach for producing, quantifying, and validating citizen science data from wildlife images. Conservation Biology {\i{}30}, 520\uc0\u8211{}531.\
Tyfield, D., Lave, R., Randalls, S., and Thorpe, C. (2017). The Routledge Handbook of the Political Economy of Science (Taylor & Francis).\
Willett, K.W., Lintott, C.J., Bamford, S.P., Masters, K.L., Simmons, B.D., Casteels, K.R.V., Edmondson, E.M., Fortson, L.F., Kaviraj, S., Keel, W.C., et al. (2013). Galaxy Zoo 2: detailed morphological classifications for 304 122 galaxies from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society {\i{}435}, 2835\uc0\u8211{}2860.\
Wright, D.E., Lintott, C.J., Smartt, S.J., Smith, K.W., Fortson, L., Trouille, L., Allen, C.R., Beck, M., Bouslog, M.C., Boyer, A., et al. A transient search using combined human and machine classifications. Mon Not R Astron Soc.\
}